[NS Indexer] adds README (#19511)
MystenLabs/sui: crates/suins-indexer/README.md

# SuiNS Indexer

This indexer is used to cache the on-chain state of the SuiNS registry to a database,
in order to unlock more composite queries (e.g. query all subnames for a given name).

## Setting up locally

Copy `.env.sample` to `.env` and fill the variables (for DB connection). 

> This sample env setup will work with mainnet types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample environment setup works with Mainnet types.
```
I came here for the Mainnet fix and stayed for the other things. :)
